== Version 0.3.1

* Renamed completion_append_char to complation_append_character (Readline compatibility).
* Fixed minor bugs in HistoryBuffer (push and << methods are now redefined properly).
* The string returned by Editor#read (and Rawline#readline) does not contain a trailing newline character anymore (Readline compatibility)
* It is now possible to set Line#word_separator to an empty string or nil (Readline compatibility).
* Fixed #6 (Fixnum#ord not defined on Ruby 1.8.6)
* Fixed #7 (Win32Console gem not required)
* Fixed #8 (Rawline.version not defined)
* Fixed #9 (Readline compatibility issues)


== Version 0.3.0

* Fixed linux-specific bugs.
* Added RawLine::Line#words method, which returns the words typed in the current line.
* undo and redo action now bound to C-u and C-r instead of C-z and C-y to avoid conflicts on Linux.
* test file and directory renaming.
* Fixed #1 [#21300] bad requirement because sensitive case error.
* Fixed #2 [#21301] unitialized constant when no WIN32CONSOLE.
* Added Ruby 1.9.1 support.
* Editor#read now takes an optional parameter (default: false) to enable or disable history.
* Line is no longer added to history when calling Editor#history_back.
* Added Editor#filename_completion_proc.
* Editor#completion_proc defaults to Editor#filename_completion_proc.
*	RawLine is now a drop-in replacement for Readline.
* Added examples/readline_emulation.rb.
* Moved repository to GitHub.

== Version 0.2.0

* Added /examples and /test directory to gem.
* Escape codes can now be used in prompt.
* It is now possible to use bind(key, &block) with a String as key, even if the corresponding escape sequence is not defined.
* Added Editor#write_line(string) to print a any string (and "hit return").
* Library name changed to "RawLine" to avoid name collision issues (Bug 18879: http://rubyforge.org/tracker/?func=detail&aid=18879&group_id=5622&atid=21788).
* Provided alternative implementation for left and right arrows if terminal
supports escape sequences (on Windows, it requires the Win32Console gem).

== Version 0.1.0

First preview release of InLine, implementing some of the functionality provided by the ReadLine library such as basic line editing, history and word completion. 
